In this video you're going to learn about Facebook dynamic ads and how you can use them to drive more
online sales by remarketing products to people that have viewed them on your Web site.
So we'll start by really understanding what namak ads are on the benefits of them.
We're going to look at a case study and see the Zak's strategy of how this company is Mansehra T-shirt
was able to leverage them and get amazing results.
Then we'll look at how you can actually create a product catalog.
This is a key step that you need to do in order to benefit from this.
And then finally we'll look at how you can set up a campaign for products apologue sales inside your
ads create tool.
So let's start by understanding.
Dynamic adds a little bit better.
The benefit of them is really really care.
Say for example I'm on an online store as a shopper I'm on like Nike dot com.
Here you can see that they have a ton of products here.
They have women's they've men's and even men in men's there's so many categories and so many products
that they want even with in shoes.
Let's have a look at all the shoes.
I think there's over something like 700 different products here.
So if Nike wants to remark it to me and get me to complete the sale they're going to have a much better
chance of doing that if they really personalize that remarketing.
So say for example that I picked up or how to look at this product but I didn't.
Out to my car I could have looked at maybe some tracksuit bottoms or tops that I also didn't.
Onto the car.
But it shows that I was interested in them.
Now if Nike runs an ad and shows me those products in the ad Well that'll remind me to really come back
and add them to cart and finish at the checkout process.
So the key benefit of dynamic ads is that they really personalize Facebook adverts without all that
manual work.
And that's an important distinction to make.
If you wanted to run dynamic ads with out this feature available what you would have to do is build
a custom audience for every single product and use that in your remarketing efforts.
Dynamic ads really automates the whole process for you.
So that's the key advantage.
It personalizes the adverts were all that manual work setting up custom audiences.
So here we go yeah you can retarget shoppers you can connect people across different devices and you
can even just reach more shoppers by showing people products that are tailored to their interests whether
or not they've even been to your site.
So there is a broader benefit outside of just be targeting shoppers to complete the sale but this is
really the key way that you can get that low hanging fruit.
Now coming down a little bit there is a point that's worth mentioning here that if your website is powered
by one of Facebook partners including Shopify Magento and big commerce you can automatically set up
dynamic adverts and I think a lot of you might be in that case if you have an e-commerce store.
So let me just show you quickly some of the steps will come then to use Shopify as an example again
because the process is quite similar.
What you need to do is log into Shopify and you can upload your product information to your Shopify
account and then from there it will upload to you or it can.
So there is an easy process to get that done.
If you've one of these platforms I'll include this original link here so you can get that easily and
follow the steps.
Now that you understand what dynamic ads are and the key benefits of them let's have a look at this
case study of Monsoor T-shirts to really see how they put them to use to drive a lot of sales.
So Monsour T-shirt or a French T-shirt specialist and they gained nearly a 10x return on the ad spend
by promoting a stylish product line with dynamic ads and the powerful Facebook pixel.
So this is just a key thing to point out that in order for you to read market in the first place you
need to have the Facebook pixel installed and then the real dynamic ads are help.
Automating that remarketing process and personalizing it.
So if you haven't got the Facebook pixel set up that's the first thing you need to do before you can
even start using dynamic ads.
But as you can see Stephanie worthwhile doing great results.
Other companies are seeing and very low cost per click.
Let's move down to have a look at the exact strategy that they used.
So as you can see first thing they did was install the Facebook pixel and then what they did was by
embedding the pixels on the page of their online catalog need to do it once name your teacher was able
to gather precise data but the products that appeal to specific people allowing it for example to see
the garments that so many had viewed and added to their basket with out completing the sale.
So really that abandonment remarketing but in a very personalized format what they did then was they
use the dynamic cards in a carousel format to reach these people in their Facebook news feed and prompt
them to finish their purchase.
So if you're not already familiar with it a carousel ad format is a ad like this that has two or three
scrollable images or videos so probably one monster teacher is if you viewed two or three T-shirts they
would appear in this carousel and really encourage you to go back to the exact product page and finish
the checkout process.
So let's have a look at how you can actually get started on this.
As we said Facebook pixel cut to get that installed we've covered that previously.
But the next step is you want to upload your product catalog.
If you haven't got one of the platforms you talked about before.
This is Hadeed.
You want to come in firstly to your Facebook Ads manager come across to old tools under assets you can
see product catalogue here and what you want to do is really create your product catalogue or upload
it and you can see that you can give your catalog a name here so you can include products hotels flights
destinations and this might be starting to ring some bells for you.
If you've visited hotels on trivago or been on Trip Advisor some of these sites you can start to see
in your Facebook feeds.
The exact thing that you were looking at showing up and this is how they are doing that so let's just
set up as an example an example catalog.
So I'm going to say products here and really create this as a this and for my Facebook page.
The next step then is to upload your product feed.
You just need to select the currency and whether you have a recurring fee that you can upload now just
do a single upload then he does need to choose the file that you want to upload.
I just got a very small example product catalog set up just one line in it and then we really click
next and create the feed.
As I mentioned there's only one product in this feed so it's just an example which you can put together
that product catalog yourself or download it from your online store.
Once you've got that set up you want to come once again into your hands create tool and click on your
marketing objective for a product catalog sales.
Now you can see that it's loaded up here the example catalog that I created so I can go ahead and continue
this now.
I'll go ahead and select the picture pixel which is appropriate for this product catalog.
Now you can see that pixel is associated with the catalog.
You can see now that the setup is slightly different to what we would normally do in herad set when
we're setting up interest targeting or using custom audiences.
You can select which product set you want to use.
Dividing really those dot product lists down into smaller categories you can really choose the audience
that you want to choose as well here viewed or added to carpet not purchased in the last 14 days added
to carpet purchase up sell the product cross sell a product custom combination so you could have many
different ad sets maybe targeting each of these different audiences.
Set those up in your campaign to really test where the sales are coming from.
Are they coming from this first category out into Karpen are purchased in the last 14 days.
Are the cells getting the most sales.
So it would be a good idea to maybe set up a number of different onsets focusing on these different
audiences and seeing how they perform against each other.
Once again you can set up the normal placements and edit those as you please.
You can set up the budgets and sketch Sherrill's now down at the ad level.
You can choose the format of Howard.
Would like to look carrousel or a single image and the images will be pulled from the the you are Elle's
of the pages that your where your products are and that you will have uploaded into the product catalog
so now that you understand what Facebook dynamic ads are and the benefits of them.
Go ahead and set them up for yourself following the steps that youve learned in this lecture.
If you want to drive more sales for your online store.